product-description.md, before:

# COVID-19 - World Confirmed Cases, Deaths, and Testing

## Main Description
This dataset is a collection of the COVID-19 data maintained by "Our World in Data". It is updated daily and includes data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing. It is an up-to-date data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

#### Data Sources  
- Confirmed cases and deaths: This data comes from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC)
- Testing for COVID-19: This data is collected by the "Our World in Data" team from official reports

The dataset follows a format of 1 row per location and date. The other columns represent all of the main variables related to confirmed cases, deaths, and testing. The columns are:  

`iso_code, location, date, total_cases, new_cases, total_deaths, new_deaths, total_cases_per_million, new_cases_per_million, total_deaths_per_million, new_deaths_per_million, total_tests, new_tests, total_tests_per_thousand, new_tests_per_thousand, tests_units`

## More Information:
- [Source: Data on COVID-19 by Our World in Data](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/)
- [Homepage: Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus)
- [Terms of Use](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Frequency: Daily    

## Contact/Support Information
- If you find any issues with or have enhancement ideas for this product, open up a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/rearc/aws-data-exchange-covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing/issues) and we will gladly take a look at it. Better yet, submit a pull request. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated :heart:.
- If you are looking for specific open datasets currently not available on ADX, please submit a request on our project board [here](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/projects/1).
- If you have questions about the source data, please contact "Our World in Data".
- If you have any other questions or feedback, send us an email at data@rearc.io.

## About Rearc
Rearc is a cloud, software and services company. We believe that empowering engineers drives innovation. Cloud-native architectures, modern software and data practices, and the ability to safely experiment can enable engineers to realize their full potential. We have partnered with several enterprises and startups to help them achieve agility. Our approach is simple — empower engineers with the best tools possible to make an impact within their industry.

## Refund Policy  
Refunds Not Applicable

Commit message:

adjusts readme and product description to latest template

product-description.md, after:

# COVID-19 - World Confirmed Cases, Deaths, and Testing

The source code outlining how this product gathers, transforms, revises and publishes its datasets is avaiable at [https://github.com/rearc/aws-data-exchange-covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing](https://github.com/rearc/aws-data-exchange-covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing).

## Product Description
This dataset is a collection of the COVID-19 data maintained by "Our World in Data". It is updated daily and includes data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing. It is an up-to-date data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

#### Data Sources  
- Confirmed cases and deaths: This data comes from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC)
- Testing for COVID-19: This data is collected by the "Our World in Data" team from official reports

The dataset follows a format of 1 row per location and date. The other columns represent all of the main variables related to confirmed cases, deaths, and testing. The columns are:  

`iso_code, location, date, total_cases, new_cases, total_deaths, new_deaths, total_cases_per_million, new_cases_per_million, total_deaths_per_million, new_deaths_per_million, total_tests, new_tests, total_tests_per_thousand, new_tests_per_thousand, tests_units`

## More Information
- [Source: Data on COVID-19 by Our World in Data](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/)
- [Homepage: Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus)
- [Terms of Use](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Frequency: Daily
- Format: CSV

## Contact Details
- If you find any issues with or have enhancement ideas for this product, open up a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/rearc/aws-data-exchange-covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing/issues) and we will gladly take a look at it. Better yet, submit a pull request. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated :heart:.
- If you are looking for specific open datasets currently not available on ADX, please submit a request on our project board [here](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/projects/1).
- If you have questions about the source data, please contact "Our World in Data".
- If you have any other questions or feedback, send us an email at data@rearc.io.

## About Rearc
Rearc is a cloud, software and services company. We believe that empowering engineers drives innovation. Cloud-native architectures, modern software and data practices, and the ability to safely experiment can enable engineers to realize their full potential. We have partnered with several enterprises and startups to help them achieve agility. Our approach is simple — empower engineers with the best tools possible to make an impact within their industry.

## Refund Policy  
Refunds Not Applicable
