README.md, before:

# COVID-19 - World Confirmed Cases, Deaths, and Testing

## Instructions for Amazon Data Exchange Deployment

### Prerequisite:
- [Python](https://www.python.org), [Pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/), [JQ](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/), [AWS CLI V2](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) and other related developer tools installed and configured on your device
- AWS credentials with appropriate permissions to create necessary ADX resources
- Create pre-processing code to acquire source data ([source_data.py](./pre-processing/pre-processing-code/source_data.py) and [lambda_function.py](./pre-processing/pre-processing-code/lambda_function.py))
- Create pre-processing CloudFormation template ([pre-processing-cfn.yalm](./pre-processing/pre-processing-cfn.yalm))
- Create dataset description markdown file ([dataset-description.md](./dataset-description.md))
- Create product markdown file ([product-description.md](./product-description.md))

### Execute init script
Once, you have the pre-processing code written and tested locally, you can run the init shell script to move the pre-processing code to S3, create dataset on ADX, create the first revision etc. The init script requires following parameters to be passed:

- Source S3 Bucket: This is the source S3 bucket where the dataset and pre-processing automation code resides. For Rearc datasets, it's `rearc-data-provider`
- Dataset Name: This is the S3 prefix where the dataset and pre-processing automation code resides. For this e.g., it's `covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing`
- Product Name: This is the product name on ADX. For this e.g., it's `COVID-19 - World Confirmed Cases, Deaths, and Testing`
- Product ID: Since, ADX does not provide APIs to programmatically create Products, it can be blank for now
- Region: This is the AWS region where the product will be listed on ADX. For this e.g., it's `us-east-1`

The init script also allows an optional `--profile` parameter to be passed in if you wish to use an alternative set of AWS credentials instead of your default profile.

#### Here is how you can run the init script  
`./init.sh --s3-bucket "rearc-data-provider" --dataset-name "covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing" --product-name "COVID-19 - World Confirmed Cases, Deaths, and Testing" --product-id "blank" --region "us-east-1"`

#### If the optional profile parameter is needed, add the following:
`--profile "rearc-adx-alt"`

#### At a high-level, init script does following:
- Zips the content of the pre-processing code
- Moves the pre-processing zip file to S3
- Creates a dataset on ADX
- Creates the pre-processing CloudFormation stack
- Executes the pre-processing Lambda function that acquires the source dataset, copies the dataset to S3 and creates the first revision on ADX
- Destroys the CloudFormation stack

### Publishing the product on ADX
At this point, dataset and the first revision is fully created on ADX. You are now ready to create the new product on ADX. Unfortunately, at this point ADX does not provide APIs to programmatically create Products so, you will have to create the product and link the dataset manually using AWS console. Once, the product is created, grab the `Product ID` from ADX console and re-run the pre-processing CloudFormation stack by passing all necessary parameters including the product id. Once the CloudFormation stack is successfully created, based on the CloudWatch scheduled rules, pre-processing Lambda function will automatically create new dataset revisions and publish it to ADX.

Commit message:

updated markdown files with contact and support information

README.md, after:

# COVID-19 - World Confirmed Cases, Deaths, and Testing

## Main Description
This dataset is a collection of the COVID-19 data maintained by "Our World in Data". It is updated daily and includes data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing. It is an up-to-date data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic.

If you are interested in subscribing to this product on AWS Data Exchange, please click [here](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-3b32sjummof5s?qid=1587353258341&sr=0-1&ref_=srh_res_product_title#overview).

#### Data Sources  
- Confirmed cases and deaths: This data comes from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC)
- Testing for COVID-19: This data is collected by the "Our World in Data" team from official reports

The dataset follows a format of 1 row per location and date. The other columns represent all of the main variables related to confirmed cases, deaths, and testing. The columns are:  

`iso_code, location, date, total_cases, new_cases, total_deaths, new_deaths, total_cases_per_million, new_cases_per_million, total_deaths_per_million, new_deaths_per_million, total_tests, new_tests, total_tests_per_thousand, new_tests_per_thousand, tests_units`

## More Information:
- Source: [Data on COVID-19 by Our World in Data](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/)
- Home Page: [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus)
- [Dataset License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Frequency: Daily    

## Contact/Support Information
- If you find any issues or have enhancements with this product, open up a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/rearc/aws-data-exchange-covid-19-world-cases-deaths-testing/issues) and we will gladly take a look at it. Better yet, submit a pull request. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated :heart:.
- If you are interested in any other open datasets, please create a request on our project board [here](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/projects/1).
- If you have questions about the source data, please contact "Our World in Data".
- If you have any other questions or feedback, send us an email at data@rearc.io.

## About Rearc
Rearc is a cloud, software and services company. We believe that empowering engineers drives innovation. Cloud-native architectures, modern software and data practices, and the ability to safely experiment can enable engineers to realize their full potential. We have partnered with several enterprises and startups to help them achieve agility. Our approach is simple — empower engineers with the best tools possible to make an impact within their industry.

## Refund Policy  
Refunds Not Applicable
